Files and Directories Lab
Online: https://www.tocode.co.il/bundles/unix1/lessons/fileslab

1. Create a new folder named "lab" in your home directory and inside create the files:

  - a.out, hero.c, enemy.c, game.c, main.c
  - human.h, monster.h
  - .highscore

Write here the commands you used


answer:
		mkdir lab
		cd lab
		touch a.out, hero.c, enemy.c, game.c, main.c human.h, monster.h .highscore
		
2. "cd" into lab folder and inside create the following subdirectories:
  - Music
  - Misc
  - Drivers

Write here the commands you used:

answer:
	cd lab
	mkdir Music Misc Drivers

3. Copy the file "/etc/passwd" to each subdirectory created in (2).

Write here the commands you used:

answer:	cp /etc/passwd Misc
		cp /etc/passwd Music
		cp /etc/passwd Drivers
		
		
4. Create a file named myinfo and inside write your name and 3 things you like about Unix.
Now create a new directory named "myinfo" and move the file into it.

Did it work? Why? Can you create a file "myinfo" inside a directory named "myinfo" ? How ?

answer:  	we cant create a directory if we already created a file with the same name in the sane place (for example under lab directory), 
			and we'll get this error: "mkdir: cannot create directory ‘myinfo’: File exists"
			we can do this if we'll create the folder in another place in the tree and then do a copy to the file that cureently exsit in another place to be under it.
			the commands: 
			1. under lab create a file: "touch my info"
			2. create tmp folder and create under it a folder name myinfo: "mkdir tmp"; "cd tmp"; "mkdir myinfo"; 
			3. copy the file into this folder: "cp ../myinfo myinfo"
			4. validate it by using tree command

5. Move the files "main.c", "game.c", "enemy.c" and "hero.c" to folder "Music".

Write here the commands you used:
answer: 
		cp main.c game.c enemy.c hero.c game.c Music/

6. Move the folder "Music" with all its contents into directory "Drivers"

Write here the commands you used:

answer:
	cp -var Music Drivers

7. Try to use "rmdir" to delete directory "Drivers". Did it work? Why? How can you delete directory "Drivers" ?
answer: 
rm -r Drivers
